she has made billions of dollars of the
diet industry which i think is
hysterical she and dr. Phil I mean
there's something funny to me about I
actually like that about her and I say
that thing and humanizes her because
it's interesting to see she really does
have that one thing that we can all
relate to this Achilles heel do you know
the reporter from the New York Times
interviewing me said the most shocking
thing I read in this book and I thought
she was going to say you know the
prostitution or the father or you know
this and I said yes she said she ate two
pecan pies and now of course that's
almost it's really good it's but it's
sad because she's done so many years
about her diets and I what I love is
that every time she's just had the new
diet and what I just love is that she
never gets it and she always goes I got
it well I mean you set the gold standard
no not laugh at herself no no she's very
she can be comical though and she can be
humorous but she's not self-deprecating
it wasn't interesting because I want you
to interview with Chris Rock who I
because a genius and Chris had fun
joking one of the specials that was so
funny who's talking about wealth and he
said let me talk to you about well he
said if Bill Gates woke up one day with
Oprah's money each other by the window
who kill himself over show the clip and
she looked at him and she went okay okay
funny joke and I thought you would Chris
Rock whose what I would say is you know
you don't get more talented you don't
get more street cred you don't get more
accepted in Hollywood and Chris Rock and
I thought it was interesting that even
with him she couldn't she had a falling
out with it surprise you well you know
Brent what surprised me is not so much
who she had them with that how she has
them she's not a Yeller and her screamer
she doesn't buy buy buy buy and then
Richardson was on once we gone but she
sort of has these people and then they
just it seems like unless they do a
spin-off there how does that better well
if she gets displeased with you what do
you have to do to get around I think
we're on it
I'm curtain of ice comes down she never
speaks to again there's no way you can't
disagree with her you never know what it
is with Victor scrub Nevsky who's a
fashion photographer apparently he told
her once to wear a black lipstick she
never spoke to him again with Mark
Matthew Bain who wrote a book and she
flew his family over from South Africa
apparently he asked her for a book blurb
never spoke to her again
Suzi Cruden she was advertised in the
tabloids as Oprah's exercise guru that
did it she was gone they wonderful if
Oprah though join forces with Michelle
Obama and took on childhood obesity no
sense that she wisely decided on her own
but I get a sense that someone said to
her back off White House see they're
either the DNC or maybe she made the
decision herself but it is interesting
what do you think that kind of backlash
was about when she finally said I've
never endorsed a president and its first
african-american nominee and it did seem
like the white lady's to watch like Oh
we'd rather you talked about you know oh
no no you're quite right her target
audience which is primarily women felt a
little betrayed because up to that point
conservatives liberals moderates
progressives could go to the Oprah
Winfrey Show and there was no political
spin the one place on the dial they felt
that they could find out about the right
bra to get the right this the right fat
and she wasn't she did lose a lot she is
still number one but she did lose a lot
so it was very brave of her to step out
/ Obama
but she has done some things that are
credible I mean that old Ethel campaign
against texting that alerts when it's
hurt I mean yes make laws melting time
but I mean that's that's a great thing
her reach is our mind either cabbie I
think her greatest legacy is not that
forty million dollar school in South
Africa I think her greatest legacy was
stepping forward and making public the
taboo subject of child sexual
molestation absolutely what she was that
moment which I've seen where she says
I've never said this before he grabs the
moment in minutes that it happened to me
as well and the way she has been
relentless and also she acted in rows
and vendors down and he responds very
great because the first you think you
know I don't want to listen to them but
I guess you do have to hear their
reasoning to help to try to get in there
and try to I think I think she's done a
fabulous job on them I think it's her
best legacy she's had a lot of people to
recovery on that one
you